## Attendance policy update:

The overarching goal of this policy, phrased simply: **I want to help every one of my students and colleagues succeed, as much as I possibly can, without putting anyone in danger.**

If you, a member of your household, or a coworker you're in frequent contact with is experiencing flu-like symptoms, please **do not** come to class or to my in-person office hours. Get in touch with me (in order of preference: email at [csheldon-hess@ccac.edu](mailto:csheldon-hess@ccac.edu), DM on [the Data Analytics Slack](https://ccac-data-analytics.slack.com), phone at [412-369-4217](tel:412-369-4217)), and let me know if you would like me to make you a video of the week's lecture or to meet virtually and answer questions for you. If you are experiencing symptoms yourself, please also let me know if you need extra time on the next assignment. (As always: "I need more time on the assignment that's due today" will generally be met with "I'll accept it tomorrow or the day after for a 10% per day reduction in points," but "I need more time on the assignment that's due next week" or even "... in 3 days" is a different story.)

If you or someone you live with is in a higher risk category (e.g. autoimmune or lung conditions, pregnancy, over age 50, young children, etc.), and you would like to make arrangements to attend class in-person less often to protect yourself or them, please get in touch, and we'll see what we can figure out. For what it's worth, I will trust that you are protecting someone without asking for health/life details that are not my business: we will talk in general terms about what level of risk you can tolerate and what level of missing class works with the course's overall structure.

Very worst case, if you end up needing it, there is always the option for a Medical Withdrawal or an Incomplete Grade, and I will work with you (and, as needed, Administration) to determine what we can do given the situation. I will be more generous than usual, this semester, with Incompletes.

If **I** end up sick, I will let all of my in-person students know, and unless I'm really truly unable, we will hold class synchronously over Zoom during our normal meeting time. I'll send out plenty of information ahead of time to make that as easy as possible. If we have an evening class and you do not have access to a computer or a smartphone, please let me know, and I'll ask Security to let you into the classroom so that you can use Zoom from there on the night(s) I'm out; daytime students without outside computer/smartphone access should be able to Zoom in via a machine in the Open Lab. 

We are nowhere near this point, yet, but just to answer the question early: if the school closes, there will be many emails. Mine will be among them, of course. We'll make arrangements in accordance with school policy and students' technology needs and capabilities at that point. 